Updated install and production getting started docs for Bare Metal (#2418)
aws/eks-anywhere: docs/content/en/docs/getting-started/production-environment/baremetal-getstarted.md

---
title: "Create Bare Metal production cluster"
weight: 40
---

EKS Anywhere supports a Bare Metal provider for production grade EKS Anywhere deployments.

> EKS Anywhere allows you to provision and manage Amazon EKS on your own infrastructure.

Reviewer: > manage Amazon EKS on your own infrastructure

To me this sounds like, you would able to manage EKS on the cloud from your own infra using EKS-A.

I would re-phrase it to maybe say something along these lines
```suggestion
EKS Anywhere allows you to provision and manage Amazon EKS like Kubernetes environment in your own infrastructure.
```

Author: How about this: "EKS Anywhere allows you to provision and manage Kubernetes clusters based on Amazon EKS software on your own infrastructure."
Feel free to make other wording suggestions.

This document walks you through setting up EKS Anywhere as a self-managed cluster.
It does not yet support the concept of a separate management cluster for managing one or more workload clusters.

## Prerequisite checklist

EKS Anywhere needs:

> * To be run on an Admin machine that has certain [machine requirements]({{< relref "../install" >}}).

Author: Great point! It's in a few places, but it should be in the install doc that link points to. I added this sentence to the "Administrative machine prerequisites" section: "- Administrative machine must be on the same Layer 2 network as the cluster machines (Bare Metal provider only)."
